COMDOX-227 migrate Product Recommendations (#27)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/product-recommendations/catalog-saas-export-module.md

---
title: Install and Configure the Catalog SaaS Export Module

> description: Learn how to install and configure the SaaSExport module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to install and configure the SaaS Export module
```

---

# Install and Configure the Catalog SaaS Export Module

This topic is a requirement to successfully use the [Product Recommendations JS SDK](index.md).

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

This module requires Magento 2.3 or later.

> ## To Install the SaasExport Module using Composer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## To Install the Saas Export Module using Composer:
```
